Introduce NetSuite Connector (#1)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-netsuite: src/netsuite/tests/README.md

## Compatibility

| Ballerina Language Version | NetSuite API Version |  
|:--------------------------:|:--------------------:|
| 1.2.0                      |        Beta          |

### Prerequisites

1. Visit [NetSuite](https://www.netsuite.com) and create an Account.

> 2. Enable SuiteTalk Webservice features of the account (Setup->Company->Enable Features).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Enable the SuiteTalk Webservice features of the account (Setup->Company->Enable Features).
```

> 3. Obtain SuiteTalk Base URL which contains the account ID under company URLs (Setup->Company->Company Information).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Obtain the SuiteTalk Base URL, which contains the account ID under company URLs (Setup->Company->Company Information).
```

>     Eg: https://<ACCOUNT_ID>.suitetalk.api.netsuite.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    E.g., https://<ACCOUNT_ID>.suitetalk.api.netsuite.com
```

> 4. Create an integration application (Setup->Integration->New), enable OAuth 2.0 code grant and scope and obtain the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Create an integration application (Setup->Integration->New), enable OAuth 2.0 code grant and scope, and obtain the 
```

following credentials: 
    * Client ID
    * Client Secret

> 5. Obtain below credentials by following Authorization code Grant Flow in NetSuite documentation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Obtain the below credentials by following the Authorization code Grant Flow in the NetSuite documentation. 
```

    * Access Token
    * Refresh Token
    * Refresh Token URL
    

> ### Working with NetSuite Connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Working with the NetSuite Connector
```

> In order to use the NetSuite connector, first you need to create a NetSuite endpoint by passing above mentioned parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to use the NetSuite connector, first you need to create a NetSuite endpoint by passing the above-mentioned parameters.
```

> Visit `main_test.bal` file to find the way of creating NetSuite endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigate to the `main_test.bal` file to find the way of creating an NetSuite endpoint.
```

### Running NetSuite tests

> In order to run the tests, the user will need to have a NetSuite sandbox account ideally and create a configuration 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to run the tests, you will need to have a NetSuite sandbox account and create a configuration 
```

file named `ballerina.conf` in the project's root directory with the obtained tokens and other parameters.

> NetSuite records access management is hierarchical. Hence certain test cases require higher permission role when 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NetSuite records access management is hierarchical. Hence, certain test cases require higher a permission role when 
```

modifying records.

> Certain test cases may require prerequisite records already created in the NetSuite Account. So makesure the records 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Certain test cases may require prerequisite records to be already created in the NetSuite Account. Therefore, make sure the records 
```

> are created beforehand. Otherwise some operations may fail due to unavailability of particular record in the NetSuite 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are created beforehand. Otherwise, some operations may fail due to unavailability of particular records in the NetSuite 
```

> Account. NetSuite records can have organization specific mandatory fields. Unavailability of such fields may occur 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Account. NetSuite records can have organization0specific mandatory fields. Unavailability of such fields may occur 
```

> failure when record creation/upsertion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
failures during the record creation/upsertion.
```

#### ballerina.conf
```ballerina.conf
// Provide SuiteTalk Base URL
BASE_URL="https://<ACCOUNT_ID>.suitetalk.api.netsuite.com"
//Give the credentials and tokens for the authorized user
ACCESS_TOKEN="enter your access token here"
REFRESH_URL="https://<ACCOUNT_ID>.suitetalk.api.netsuite.com/services/rest/auth/oauth2/v1/token"
REFRESH_TOKEN="enter your refresh token here"
CLIENT_ID="enter your client ID here"
CLIENT_SECRET="enter your client secret here"
```

> Assign the values for the accessToken, clientId, clientSecret and refreshToken inside constructed endpoint in 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assign the values for the `accessToken`, `clientId`, `clientSecret`, and `refreshToken` inside the constructed endpoint in 
```

> main_test.bal in either way following,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
main_test.bal using either of the following ways.
```
